hey guys it's a NASA today's video it's
going to be a products I regret buying I
like doing these videos I have done a
bunch of these videos I like telling you
guys products that I like and I'll until
you products I don't like I think it's
just as helpful and everything in this
is for a bag here okay so the first
thing I'm really sad about that kind of
knew that this wouldn't be as awesome as
I thought it would be buying this
because I'm disappointed by this brand
before it's the organics sensually soft
sabaki blossom conditioner I don't know
if I'm pronouncing that word right the T
is silent right right stuff smells it's
so amazing oh my gosh I need to find a
perfume that smells like this I need to
google Tsubaki blossom and find a
perfume that smells like that's because
seriously it smells amazing and that's
the only reason why I bought it that's
it all done for like ten bucks I'm glad
I didn't buy the shampoo because this
really did nothing for my hair it's so
frustrating cuz it smells amazing and
even the scent didn't last in my hair
I've just had such bad luck with
organics products they smell amazing but
they really don't do for my hair
the only two that I found that I like is
the the argan cream shampoo and
conditioner I think it's in a gold
bottle and then there's a cucumber one
like a cucumber yogurt 1 and those are
the only two that actually did something
for my hair every other type that I've
tried has smelled amazing but hasn't
done anything for my hair so really
disappointed really disappointed cuz his
smells really really good so the next
product I regret buying actually talked
about in my most recent mascara Monday
episode it's the benefit roller lash
mascara I just didn't care for it like
what it did to my lashes I will link my
mask your money episode video down below
you guys can go check it out and see
more in depth as to why I didn't like it
um but yeah just kind of a letdown
because a lot of people talk to stop and
I'm just like 20 for dollars for this
hell no Oh perfume I regret buying is
the philosophy live joyously perfume I
showed this in and alcohol I believed I
was like oh my gosh I really love the
scent of it it has patchouli in it which
patrouille is a very grown ass woman
we're talking like 80 year old woman
sent um and I smelled it in the store uh
and even when I brought it home I liked
it but the more I smell it I'm just like
this is this is for an elderly woman did
not like this end at all I typically
love philosophy sense philosophy is
probably one of my favorite perfume
scents but this stuff I just I didn't
like it I don't know how to take it out
to all done because I don't know if I
have the receipt do they take back
things will receive they giving like the
store credit they must a product that
sucked is the Revlon Photoready airbrush
moose makeup so I got this mmm like
months ago yeah like months and months
ago and I wasn't into a first impression
on this but I just I I just want this to
be out of my life first of all this is a
very shimmery foundation it's very weird
it's very weird i don't like the
consistency i got the wrong color too i
got 40 natural beige it's way too dark
but yeah I just didn't like the
consistency and the fact that my face
looked like a glitter ball like it's
very weird I really really hated the
ardell brush on the strip lash adhesive
it looks like this um I do not like the
duo lash glue because it smells like
rotten fish and I don't know how people
put that near their eyes because
it's absolutely disgusting my favorite
eyelash glue is the kiss it's like easy
strip adhesive I think it's called I
really like that I like the ones with
brushes cuz it's just easier to apply
saw this and I was like oh I'll give a
shot and oh my gosh I hate this first of
all it burns the hell out of my eyes
second you would think like oh it's
clear you know it's not gonna leave any
residue or anything wrong when it dries
there's like white crusty on your
lashes and one of my most recent videos
I don't remember which one it was but I
was editing the video I was like oh my
gosh my lashes there's like ton of
glue on the lashes and I use this stuff
and it just looks like hell and then
when you take your lashes off instead of
the glue being like the typical you know
how it's still kind of tacky when you
take your lashes off and you can easily
like pull the glue off at least that's
what I do to clean my lashes I pull the
glue off like right after I wear them
this stuff was
crusty and like cake Don and I had to
throw away like three different pairs of
lashes like I couldn't wear them again
because this stuff destroyed them so I
would stay away from this stuff this is
cheap too i want to say there's only
like three bucks yeah they are Dell
brush on strip lash adhesive this stuff
oh it's kind of random but these Conair
bobby pins suck stay away from them wait
are you flip hold on I was gonna say
these are a bitch to open oh my gosh
that's what you're supposed to do okay I
oh okay you see this thing I hear you're
supposed to use this to open up your
bobby pins which would be a good idea if
if you carry this whole thing around
with you I guess but I don't I carry my
bobby pins like separate I take them off
here and I put them like in a little
pouch or something but uh yeah
apparently you're supposed to use that
know if you guys can even see it's
curved and it's a bitch to open and it
doesn't stay in your hair that in this
set secure hold which is a joke but yeah
I guess you're supposed to go like that
to open it and then grasp it like that
and who's got time for that other
product I regret is the clean and clear
morning burst hydrating gel moisturizer
it looks like this I got this recently
at one of the drug stores because it was
on clearance for like three dollars and
I'm like oh I'll try it out I really
like the instant results that this gives
I like the smell of it I like the way it
makes my face feel but I've noticed over
time this is so drying it dries out hold
on now i'm going to look to see if
there's like alcohol in it or something
um but it dries out my skin so bad
there's a lot of big words yeah this is
a letdown but like i said i like the
instant results it's just i'd noticed
long-term my skin was just insanely dry
and this was the only new skincare item
that i had thrown into my regimen so I'm
like okay the shits are their product I
regret is the Milani fierce foil
eyeliner
in purple foil hold on let me let me
take the reflective packaging off when I
first got this it was a gorgeous purple
color but now it's just like a matte
purple like there's nothing special
about it at all it's just a purple
eyeliner stuff smudges very easily and I
just I just didn't like it was always
somebody this was like 9 bucks I think
eight or nine buck-ass products I regret
buying is the Rimmel provo kolob 16 hour
kiss proof lip color this is in the
color kiss fatal so it looks like this
and there's two ends you have the
permanent marker and is why i like to
call it because once you put this
in your lips it's not coming off it is
not coming off i'm not even a swatch it
because like i said it won't come off
the color is really really pretty though
this sound right here is just really
super pointless it's just like a glossy
white or glossy who can't get it can't
get two fingers three fingers five
fingers glossy and doesn't do that it
just puts like goop over your lips and
this definitely is kissable it
definitely will stay on your lips but it
gets to the point where I like literally
like seeps into your skin and goes down
into your soul and looks disgusting so
I've got to show you guys those are just
some of the products that I bought
recently or rediscovered recently and
I'm like holy why did I buy these
this suck if you guys enjoyed this video
thank you so much for watching and I'll
talk to you guys in my next video bye